Then who knew your identity was so powerful?
You don't believe in yourself, how can I believe in identity?
Identity is identity
Do you see through someone you like?
Look at his power
See who has high status
Do you stay with whoever is richer?
It's either you or
I know that the emperor knows Ye Rurong and he knows better
Godsend
Let's start over, shall we?
We have Mengmeng, Mengmeng, he is our bond.
Ah!
Even now, you are still using Mengmeng as an excuse
Don't forget that you have nothing to do with Mengmeng anymore
I see. I don't deserve to be a mother.
Ye Tianci, what are you so arrogant about?
You are ruthless
You abandoned your wife
I see which woman dares to marry you
I would. Who would I marry?
Love is like a song, don't forget
You are my woman
You're sorry.
I don't want people who are lower than me to take fancy to others
Okay, it's time for a concubine, right?
Ok I'll go
I'm not in your way but I tell you
I will never forgive you.
Ruoxi
Stop
Can't go